When did we start to become aware of it?
Where does this slope lead us?
Those who came before us aimed their steps
Toward the promised land for dreamers.
Looking like an upturned silver cup,
a landmark is there.
The shape of the shining future
is a giant egg. WOW...
Will you wait for us
until our dream comes true?
We’ll take you with us.
Even if it’s harsh, we won’t give up.
Believe in us, oh.
High-fiving and hugging each other,
And wiping tears of joy.
With such moments in mind,
Let’s move forward.
Our bond is to be there.
Would you tell us it's impossible?
Would you tell us that it can't be done?
Would you tell us to abandon hope?
Would you tell us to give up?
Living without dreams has no meaning.
I’ll keep pushing myself
with a promise of “tomorrow.”
To reach the goal with our own steps,
Let’s make a promise here and now
Distant dreams give us courage.
Together, let’s walk
And reach that place, side by side.